pe-8897: disable reconcile of control plane taint to be added to cp n… (#10785)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edge-configuration/installer-reference.md

enabled by default unless you include the feature in the parameter. The following table displays the available features
you can enable using this parameter.

| Value                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `UserDataForm`                  | This value enables you to edit the installer user data after installation in Local UI. For more information, refer to [Edit User Data](../local-ui/host-management/edit-user-data.md).                                                                                                      |

> | `DisableWorkerNodeCapReconcile` | Prevents the Palette Edge node agent from reconciling the control-plane taint on control plane nodes when `UseControlPlaneAsWorker` is disabled. Use this feature gate if you want to manually remove the control-plane taint and prevent the Palette Edge node agent from adding it again. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DisableWorkerNodeCapReconcile` | If you disable **Allow worker capability** on the control plane, a taint is automatically added to the control plane pool that prevents workloads from being scheduled on all control plane nodes. If you manually remove the taint, you can set the `DisableWorkerNodeCapReconcile` feature gate to prevent the Palette Edge node agent from automatically adding the taint again. |
```

Reviewer: Maybe? Tried to plain english it.
